Xiao Zhang goes to the north to pick up
Xiao Wang South Connect
Xiao Li 7 pick up
Wait for something
Come back after the flyers in your hand are sent out.
Do you understand?
Got it, the fruit is good to go.
How about the new stage? Isn't it nice?
It's not bad.
Luo Yue, where did you get these ideas in your head?
Of course it stems from the modern draft culture
I didn't expect to be chasing stars in the laboratory before
What else can we use now?
I just don't know how it will work.
Hey, hey, hey, let's go in
Oops, don't worry, don't worry.
Ladies and gentlemen
Let's enter one by one
It wouldn't be pretty if you squeezed someone and knocked them.
This Mingyue girl is really amazing
This time the guests
More than ever before
There are many guests in the competition
But he's so capable
Looks and character abilities are very human
Why was it sold to a brothel?
It seems that it is not so simple